well israeli's military is conducting
more raids in the occupied West Bank at
least one Palestinian has been killed in
kandia near rala Military convoys have
entered Janine in the north and Hebron
in the South people in Janine say they
heard gunfire as two neighbors were
taken into
custody and this was Israeli forces in
Palestinian Fighters exchanging fire in
the town of kilia uh Palestinian
Authority officials say two people have
been killed during the Israeli
raids nid ibraim is life foris in kandia
n in the occupied West Bank nid just
give us an update of what the latest
situation
is let me show you better than I can
tell you about the aftermath of hours
and hours of raids by the Israeli forces
to this area which is the kalandia
refugee camp as well as the kufur aab
area this is one of the stores whose uh
owners have not been there when the
Israeli forces raided it they've never
nevertheless stormed it broken the glass
fired tear gas inside and the store
owners have told us that the tear gas
has melted some of the clothes and it
was only a coincidence that it did not
uh uh have a full blown fire there's
also this shop as well same story they
say that also not only that the Israeli
forces have raided in accompanied with
the Israeli police but also that the tax
control control rollers have came in and
asked those Palestinians to pay fines
related to income tax to give you some
context this area is under the
jurisdiction of the Jerusalem
municipality the Israeli controlled one
and this area is considered part of
occupied East Jerusalem but it's outside
the Israeli separation wall which means
they get zero to almost uh uh 1% of
services that they have been uh entitled
to this is why they say it's not fair
for them to be paying those taxes and uh
not getting Services they've been handed
over those fines including one
Palestinian Ahmed Ramadan let's talk to
him you know when we entered earlier
this area it was like the smell of tear
gas has been so heavy Ahmed and his
colleagues have been spraying it to kind
of control the smell and the effects of
the aftermath
Ahmed tell me EX
what happened when the army soldiers
arrived here I was working on a car I
stood at the
doorstep they
started
to I tried to shut down my gate I tried
to leave they arrested me dragged me in
and started beating and battering me my
cousin was helping me with the car we
were both handcuffed roughed up battered
and beaten from 9 in the morning up to
5: in the afternoon we were tied
battered and beaten yeah yeah this you
can see this is the result we were
beaten up and
battered after that they uh took the
computer uh which we use for inspection
I told him it is not working it is not
operating I told him it is not possible
at that point he hit me with a heavy to
after that they dragged me in once
again after that a female Soldier
started to draw the David star the flag
of Israel and it started smashing every
object inside the workshop as you can
see behind this
wall all the equipment was were
smashed they also took away three gas
cylinders we were not able to act we
even tried to leave but we
couldn't I stayed
inside
yeah by the grace of God I my life was
spared if 10 minutes more I believe I
could have been killed this is where
they came
from from that direction by the time I
saw them I started to collect my tools
and try to close the gate by the time
more than 150 soldiers stormed the
workshop they started beating and
battering me for more than 30
minutes after that they asked me to
operate one of the cars and after that
they asked me where are the guns where
are the arms he then asked me where are
the narcotics I told him this is a
workshop we don't have any arms we do
not have any
narcotics they roughed me and my cousin
up
and after that they handed me a ticket
like a fine so they handed him a fine to
pay income tax and it's worth mentioning
that also we've been seeing armed
confrontations between Palestinian
Fighters and the Israeli forces and we
have a funeral that is currently
undergoing for a 32ye old Palestinian
Ali Alam who has succumb to wounds after
he's been hit by Israeli forces with a
live Bullet to the
heart all right Nita thanks for that the
impacts of Israeli raids in occupied
West Bank thank you